README.md, before:

# Interfacewerk News Explorer Test

Hello! Welcome to our Angular development test. This test has been created in order to assess your level.
In the next 4h, you will be developing a small Angular application.

## Setup

* If you use Docker: `docker-compose up`
* If you don't: `npm install && npm start`

This should install all the needed packages and start a local server.

## Git: init and how to use it

If you got this project via a zip file, please do a `git init`. Commit regularily, so that we can see how you use git and what your development workflow was. When you send us back your results, make sure to inlcude the .git folder!

## Dependencies, APIs and helpers

* Angular 5 with the Angular CLI
* We have pre-installed for you 3 packages: font-awesome, bootstrap (CSS only) and primeng
* Use the `NewsApiService` defined in `services/news-api.service.ts` to use the News API. For further documentation, check https://newsapi.org/docs/endpoints/everything and https://newsapi.org/docs/endpoints/sources
* Use the `FeedStoreService` defined in `services/feed-store.service.ts` to store pre-saved feeds.

## Test

We want to build a news explorer that gets news from [News API](https://newsapi.org/).

* The user must be able to filter news by:
  * a global search
  * a list of sources
* As soon as the user changes the filters, the news must be updated.
* She also must be able to save filters (so called feeds: NewsFeed) and watch the news associated with them later.
* She can see the saved filters in the navigation bar.
* The app must look like `docs/sketch.jpg`

We recommend that you focus on the functionality first. If you have time left, you can of course style the app.

Commit message:

docs(README): add important note

README.md, after:

# Interfacewerk News Explorer Test

Hello! Welcome to our Angular development test. This test has been created in order to assess your level.
In the next few hours, you will be developing a small Angular application.

**Important: Please read this readme until the end!**

## Setup

* If you use Docker: `docker-compose up`
* If you don't: `npm install && npm start`

This should install all the needed packages and start a local server.

## Git: init and how to use it

If you got this project via a zip file, please do a `git init`. Commit regularily, so that we can see how you use git and what your development workflow was. When you send us back your results, make sure to inlcude the .git folder!

## Dependencies, APIs and helpers

* Angular 5 with the Angular CLI
* We have pre-installed for you 3 packages: font-awesome, bootstrap (CSS only) and primeng
* Use the `NewsApiService` defined in `services/news-api.service.ts` to use the News API. For further documentation, check https://newsapi.org/docs/endpoints/everything and https://newsapi.org/docs/endpoints/sources
* Use the `FeedStoreService` defined in `services/feed-store.service.ts` to store pre-saved feeds.

## Test

We want to build a news explorer that gets news from [News API](https://newsapi.org/).

* The user must be able to filter news by:
  * a global search
  * a list of sources
* As soon as the user changes the filters, the news must be updated.
* She also must be able to save filters (so called feeds: NewsFeed) and watch the news associated with them later.
* She can see the saved filters in the navigation bar.
* The app must look like `docs/sketch.jpg`

We recommend that you focus on the functionality first. If you have time left, you can of course style the app.
